docs: update user authentication and api key creation instructions (#340)
aica-technology/api: docs/docs/getting-started/users-and-authentication.md

:::note

The email address used to create a new user is only used as an identifier and is unrelated to the email address used for
[licensing](installation/licensing.md). Users are defined locally to a specific AICA System Configuration, and access
scopes or passwords are not inferred or shared between different configurations, even if the same email address is used.

:::

If AICA Studio is accessed from a browser external to AICA Launcher, or if the user of AICA Launcher logs out of the

> current session, a valid user email and password must be supplied to log back in to AICA Studio. To create a new user

Reviewer: I feel that these two sentences don't go together. The first one is breaking the flow of how one should create a user. I think the first sentence could be a tip or a note at the end of this subsection, after the image.

"If AICA Studio is accessed from a web browser, or if the user logs out of the current AICA Studio session, a valid user email and password must be supplied to log in to AICA Studio."

> account, click on the **New User** button in the **Settings** tab, provide an email address and the desired scopes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
, click on the **New User** button in the **Settings** tab, provide an email address and the desired scopes.
```

![aica-studio-other-user](assets/aica-studio-other-user.png)

## API Keys

Other than accessing Studio through a browser, users or software clients can interact with the AICA System using API.
For AICA Core v4.3.0 and later, an API key is required for authentication. This can be generated in the User page in
AICA Studio, by clicking on the **New API Key** button. Provide a name and the desired scopes - note that these cannot

> surpass the scope of the logged-in user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
surpass the scope of the user associated to the API key.
```
or "the user that owns the API key"
